Correct `onDestroy` behavior description (#5590)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/03-run-time.md

---

> Schedules a callback to run immediately before the component unmounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedules a callback to run immediately before the component is unmounted.
```
